[Music]
it's currently 528 and we gotta be a
little bit quiet so I don't wake up my
roommate but you might be saying have
you I started dating the life you don't
wait til up five well this is a one
habit I'm implementing to be more
productive and get better grades because
I want to graduate so if those sound
like things you're working towards maybe
this video just for you
man I know waking but 5 is not for
everyone so towards the end of the video
I'm gonna share with you how you can be
more productive without having to wake
up this early
[Music]
and that's the first reason why I love
waking up so early because no one is
around there's no distractions so you
can really focus on what you want to do
for me not study editing and pass my
courses so the reason why I wake up at
5:00 a.m. is that in the mornings I have
the highest energy levels and have
complete clarity in my thinking so I can
really focus on a task for hours on end
without any distractions
but it's not really about waking up
early it's more so about finding when
your optimal energy levels are I learned
this chart in class let me show you so
look at this this is energy time right
here is 5:00 a.m. and right here 11:00
so when I wake up I'm a little bit
grumpy but it goes straight up and then
it stays there for a little bit but when
I have class lunch dips down a little
bit if I workout in the afternoon it
jumps right up and later so you can
actually map yourself out on this chart
and think about when these peak hours
are so you can try to get your most
productive work done
[Music]
all right down working here but waking
up early is more just about being
focused there's another really important
reason I must tell you after I finished
the gym
[Music]
okay cut cut cut cut cut
alright the second reason for waking up
early in college is that you simply get
better sleep when you go to bed earlier
there's some myth out there saying that
every hour slap before midnight is worth
2 hours of sleep well technically that's
not true but in the first third of your
sleep time is when you get the most
restorative sleep so when you go to bed
earlier when you wake up in the morning
you'll actually feel better more
energetic and have focus to do your
homework or whatever else you want to do
oh I actually got a good class now all
right I'll tell you the last point after
class so right now I'm heading to class
but before I go there I'm gonna make a
protein shake
but today's more of accessions so right
now it's around 1 p.m. I finish all my
classes so the rest of the day I have to
jump a video for my kpop class maybe
I'll hit YouTube video about that should
I I don't know let me know in the
comments and then I'll go meet up with
some friends and later in the day I'll
probably just finish some work and any
video so I hope you realize this video
is not really about waking about 5 6 7 8
9 10 3 p.m. whatever doesn't matter it's
really about finding the times when
you're the most productive and
optimizing your day around those times
it just so happens that for me and for a
lot of people early in the mornings is
the most focused and productive times so
you can use an energy chart to see when
you're the most productive and for me
around 10 I'm just scrolling on
Instagram those two hours I can move
into the beginning of the day and get a
lot more work done so you have more free
time to do the things you actually
want to do discipline really creates
that freedom make sure you subscribe
because my videos are never a waste of
time anyway I'll see you